_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: Song Huang (黄崧)
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='https://astro.tsinghua.edu.cn/info/1039/1625.htm'>Assistant Professor</a>, <a href='http://astro.tsinghua.edu.cn/'>Department of Astronomy, Tsinghua University</a> 

profile:
  align: right
  image: shuang.jpg
  address: >
    <p>S605B, MongManWai Building,</p>
    <p>Tsinghua University</p>
    <p>Beijing 100084, China</p>
    <p>shuang [at] tsinghua.edu.cn</p>

news: false  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

**This website is still under-construction!!**

My name is Song Huang (黄崧). I am an Assistant Professor at the Department of Astronomy in Tsinghua University, China.  You can find my CV [here] or checkout my [`Github` profile](https://github.com/dr-guangtou). Please contact me using **shuang [at] tsinghua.edu.cn**

My primary research interest is the observational study of galaxy evolution and galaxy-halo connection.  
Most of my works take advantage of today's multi-band imaging data, spectroscopic surveys, and hydrodynamic simulations to probe the structure assembly and star formation history of different classes of galaxies.  

My recent works focus on both the most massive (elliptical galaxies) and most abundant (dwarf galaxies) galaxies in our universe.  
With the help of weak gravitational lensing and statistical modeling techniques, I also aspire to deepen our understanding of galaxy-halo connection models and explore the applications of such models in observational cosmology.

I am a member of the [Subaru Strategic Program (SSP)](https://hsc-release.mtk.nao.ac.jp/doc/) using the [Hyper-Suprime Camera (HSC)](https://www.naoj.org/Projects/HSC/) on the 8.2-meter Subaru Telescope and the [Merian Survey](https://merian.sites.ucsc.edu/) - an intermediate-band survey of the HSC footprint using the [Dark Energy Camera (DECam)](https://noirlab.edu/science/programs/ctio/instruments/Dark-Energy-Camera).
Currently, I am applying to become a member of the [Dark Energy Spectroscopic Instrument (DESI)](https://www.desi.lbl.gov/) spectroscopic survey project. 
I am also involved in the development of [MUltiplexed Survey Telescope (MUST)](https://must.astro.tsinghua.edu.cn/must/) a new 6.5-meter telescope in China for the next-generation spectroscopic survey.

Commit message:

Fix the issue and update the about & publication

_pages/about.md, after:

---
sort_menu: 01
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='https://astro.tsinghua.edu.cn/info/1039/1625.htm'>Assistant Professor</a>, <a href='http://astro.tsinghua.edu.cn/'>Department of Astronomy, Tsinghua University</a> 

profile:
  align: right
  image: shuang.jpg
  address: >
    <p>S605B, MongManWai Building,</p>
    <p>Tsinghua University</p>
    <p>Beijing 100084, China</p>
    <p>shuang [at] tsinghua.edu.cn</p>

news: false  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

**This website is still under-construction!!**

My name is Song Huang (黄崧). I am an Assistant Professor at the Department of Astronomy in Tsinghua University, China.  You can find my CV [here] or checkout my [Github profile](https://github.com/dr-guangtou).

My primary research interest is the observational study of galaxy evolution and galaxy-halo connection. Most of my works take advantage of today's multi-band imaging data, spectroscopic surveys, and hydrodynamic simulations to probe the structure assembly and star formation history of different classes of galaxies.  

My recent works focus on both the most massive (elliptical galaxies) and most abundant (dwarf galaxies) galaxies in our universe. With the help of weak gravitational lensing and statistical modeling techniques, I also aspire to deepen our understanding of galaxy-halo connection models and explore the applications of such models in observational cosmology.

I am a member of the [Subaru Strategic Program (SSP)](https://hsc-release.mtk.nao.ac.jp/doc/) using the [Hyper-Suprime Camera (HSC)](https://www.naoj.org/Projects/HSC/) on the 8.2-meter Subaru Telescope and the [Merian Survey](https://merian.sites.ucsc.edu/) - an intermediate-band survey of the HSC footprint using the [Dark Energy Camera (DECam)](https://noirlab.edu/science/programs/ctio/instruments/Dark-Energy-Camera). Currently, I am applying to become a member of the [Dark Energy Spectroscopic Instrument (DESI)](https://www.desi.lbl.gov/) spectroscopic survey project. 
I am also helping organize the development of [MUltiplexed Survey Telescope (MUST)](https://must.astro.tsinghua.edu.cn/must/), a new 6.5-meter telescope in China for the next-generation spectroscopic survey, and its scientific collaboration.

I am always happy to discuss science and collaborate with people. Feel free to contact me if you are interested in my research or have any questions about my work.
